any MMA fans here all right you ever
seen a guy get dazed and grabbed four
legs right they're so trained to do that
that even when they can't tell you their
own name or where they are they know
enough to grab four legs because that's
safety the truth of who you are is that
safety
those are your legs so I always say if
you wake me up in the middle of the
night punch me in the head and start
yelling at me and then ask me questions
I will give you the same answers I give
you now because its core and fundamental
to Who I am as a human being if you do
that your business and its persona is on
stable footing because it's real it's
true it's transparent its authentic
right there's nothing fake about it